Pigeons and doves coo They're not two birds but one from a deeper view With life that always holds true One descent but if you only knew
Goats and geese have had their roots revealed
More than birds, the fossils have the clues to make it real.
By the mid-Jurassic, they had warm bodies and hollow eggs.
If raptors grew wings and flew More than birds the stones we feel Archaeopteryx is real
If I told you birds convey More than eggs and tasty stew They're a strain if I know to More than birds convey
da da da da da da da
How could life give rise to cockatoos from such a monstrous land?
Selection pressure substitutes their jumps for flights to power-fighting tents.
Adapting old T-Rex's family
More than birds
By Oviraptor's breeding can be shown Coats like birds they laid their eggs sequentially And sat on them to grow
Died while stuck in good More than birds in amber sealed Dino plumage is revealed
If our rooks and birds are afraid Are the ancient kings made new?
Cause they're avian dinos too!
I mean, even if the guy uses auto-tune, this is really crazy, man.
I mean, he can't help it if he's caught in a bad biology, but he's a good singer.
He's got a really, really wide ranging voice.
It's really impressive in my mind.
But, you know, sorry, it's so geeky.
Mark, Mark, Mark, you're so funny.
As a surgeon, you should be speaking out on this.
You could save lives.
Dude, what the fuck?
I didn't know anything about this.
How am I meant to know about this?
You know what?
I don't know about everything.
Like, um, you shouldn't, you shouldn't think that just because you're on to something that someone else should be doing it too, buddy.
We've all got our own jobs to do.
I don't tell you what to do.
What the fuck?
Anyway, I mean, the reason why I try to get through to you to get your number, call you and you're busy last time and I'm not busy is, um, look, I went back through the podcast and I'm afraid
I think it wasn't good enough mate.
I don't know how to explain this to you but you know it was about, it was just over an hour but the thing is what was relevant was like literally just 15 minutes and it was just dragged out and there was not enough substance, not enough facts, not enough details.
I would also say try and work on your presentation.
You drag things out and speak very slowly and it's just you need to be a bit more punchy, a bit more punchy, a bit more animated, a bit more lively.
I mean, I don't know if you're just a bit flat that day or what.
I don't know.
But you just I think you're I know your style.
You can have you just could inject yourself with a little bit more energy, a little bit more animation.
So what I was going to do actually was.
create some clips of the podcast and do a sub stack and obviously credit you and reference you and talk about the opioid deaths and all that kind of stuff so that was the plan i'm sorry mate i've just got a lot of fucking podcasts i've got a lot of recordings and i'm i'm trying to keep the quality of the content quite high i'm afraid on this occasion it just
It just wasn't good enough.
I know that sounds harsh, but I'm just being honest with you.
It just, the quality wasn't up to scratch.
All right, mate, bye.
For 20 years, I've gotten up every morning on my knees and prayed.
that God would put me in a position where I can end the childhood chronic disease epidemic in this country.
On August 23rd of last year, God sent me President Trump.
But you can tell if someone's lying, you know, you can sort of feel it in people.
And I have lied.
I'm sure I'll lie again.
I don't want to lie.
I don't think I'm a liar.
I try not to be a liar.
I don't want to be a liar.
I think it's really important not to be a liar.
There are no ethics.
There are no ethical boundaries to what they will do.
It is all about the utilitarian means justify the ends.
Oh, there's bad news of fans of living, because Health Secretary R.F.K.
Jr.
just pulled $500 million in funding for vaccine development.
Now, we have 10 more months of this show, and I want to give a measured, nonpartisan response here.
F*** you, you roid-addled nepotism!
And you have to, for many of us, it's shocking.
You cannot conceive of a world in which there are no ethical boundaries.
You can't conceive of warfare in which there's no guardrails.
There's no consensus about the rules of engagement.
But that's what we're in right now.
Most of these shots are for flu or COVID, but as the pandemic showed us, mRNA vaccines don't perform well against viruses that infect the upper respiratory tract.
Counterpoint.
F*** you, you roadkill-munching, rabbi-human Slim Jim.
last night before the bill was allowed to be voted on in the House.
He was trying to ward off the Republicans from allowing a vote on Massey and my bill.
But as you pointed out, the grand jury testimony and grand jury files largely concern Epstein and Maxwell.
They're the ones who were prosecuted.
It will not have
the witness interviews that really implicate the rich and powerful men who were potentially engaged in sex trafficking.
It will not have a lot of the e-mails and the texts.
And, as you pointed out, it requires a court order to unseal those files.
Typically, courts are reluctant to do that.
They may in this case.
But there's a lot within the Justice Department that the Justice Department could release, and they can do so while protecting victims' identity.
You have to completely park any idea of justice, right and wrong, all that is obsolete in this battlefield environment.
Test 1, 2.
Welcome to the show, ladies and gentlemen.
Welcome to the Independent Bright Web.
It's a place where you can find real Americans speaking to the world.
We may expand the Independent Bright Web to... I think truth is good for kids.
We're so busy lying, we don't even recognize the truth no more in society.
We want everybody to feel good.
That's not the way life is.
The intellectual bright web may someday expand into international waters, but right now we've got Joe Marshall.
We've got, I don't know, I'm starting to think Dan Cohen might be all right.
I'm pretty sure that Mark Kulak is a straight up shooter.
One of my favorite people on the internet.
One of my favorite friends that I've made over the COVID pandemic.
And somebody that I would recommend you follow and use his website to explore the history of these mentors that have served above these people and started to craft these ideas that we are currently trapped in.
Yeah, I'm pretty excited to be here today.
Anyway, thanks for being here.
You better leave up, what's this, 16 years?
Yeah, this'll be 17.
You old champ, you old champ.
Super vet now.
Super, super vet.
16 years, man, and seeing it evolve through all the eras, man.
Like last summer, a good friend of ours, coach Chauncey Bill, has mentioned a player posting his highlights at halftime, and we've seen guys checking their phones during the games.
We're gonna watch this clip right here.
I had a kid, dog.
At halftime, now you know we rebuilding, right?
We in New Orleans, we ain't even gonna say the kid name.
We're down like 18 at the half.
He had a nasty dunk.
We coming out for the third quarter, this motherfucker done posted his dunk on his joint.
At halftime.
We down 18.
You gotta optimize those numbers.
So what's the biggest difference you've noticed in players today compared to when you came in the league in 09?
That for one.
Motherfuckers getting on their phone, so worried about what's on their phone, what somebody say.
Even to this point, I seen a motherfucker put his name in a Twitter search to see what they was saying.
Somebody who was actually playing them.
They was getting minutes.
And I'm like, this to the point we at?
You know what I mean?
That was never a thought.
Even for you, that wasn't a thought.
Even worse for me.
They didn't have cell phones and shit.
No social media or nothing.
Niggas weren't checking their two-way pages and all that.
But to that point, it's that.
My folks always ask me, man, you can play another four or five years, but it's that part of the game that sucks the energy out of you because...
Everybody so worried about everything else now, instead of what it was built on, like your game, competing, winning, going out there, you know, giving everything you got.
It's like everybody's so caught up in all the shit that don't matter anymore, you know what I mean?
Like what I'm wearing, motherfuckers in the mirror, fixing this, doing that, exfoliating and all this shit.
What time is it?
Game time!
Hello, ladies and gentlemen.
I'm just back from the gym.
I'm not exfoliating.
Not trying to check my social media at all.
I wanted to be here after the basketball.
I wanted to come in here and get something done.
And so hopefully I can achieve that today.
I need you to get off of social media.
I don't know why that's not moving.
There it goes.
A social media is a military weapon.
A social media is a national security theater and you cannot change their script.
Ladies and gentlemen, autism spectrum disorder is a mythology used to make sure that intramuscular injection is never questioned as a methodology.
Virology is never questioned as a science and public health is never questioned as a reason.
They've done the same thing with pandemics.
Don't be alarmed or impressed by what they're doing with the narrative and as they shift it around.
break things and scramble around.
The more they move, the more erratic they move, the more obvious it becomes.
Ladies and gentlemen, the cheese is free on social media because that's how they are controlling.
They're controlling what questions you ask.
They're controlling what you're concerned about.
They're controlling what you're afraid of.
You think that there's trillions of immigrants in America that are overrunning the streets.
You're worried about gain-of-function viruses and scientists that make them.
And these are all ridiculous myths.
You go on biologicals, the biology they ignore.
The history that they ignore, a lot of it is actually archived very well.
on a website called housatonicits.com.
I encourage you to go there.
I encourage you to follow Mark Housatonic Live on YouTube, Rumble, Odyssey, Gigohome, Peertube, etc.
I also encourage you to follow Joe Marshall.
I think he gets it.
The Liberty Perspective is on Rumble and on YouTube.
I like Joe a lot.
You might want to put him on 2x or 1.5x because he says a lot and he speaks like a guy who lives in the woods, which he does.
And so, you know, he doesn't speak quick like us city boys.
So you might need to, yeah, you might need to speed him up a little bit.
But ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the show.
Welcome to Giga Home Biological.
We're trying to get the truth out there.
I do think that there is a truth to distribute.
It's just not distributed for free on social media, by social media platforms, or by social media algorithms.
That's the reality.
And I think a lot of us have just been bamboozled into believing that, especially during the pandemic, that social media was a free place or worth fighting for.
We are going to be talking about certain friends of ours who are rolling the excrement offstage.
I guess I forgot to change that slide.
Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the show.
Don't forget, you must show your children why the cheese is free on social media.
Social media is the military weapon that they intend to enslave our children with.
And so you need to get them off.
You need to get them off those platforms and maybe even teach them how to build their own platforms.
If we could go back to kind of a MySpace thing,
but you know our kids building their own websites and paying for their own urls that would be a huge move forward ladies and gentlemen RNA cannot pandemic intramuscular injections are dumb transfection is a crime and population pyramids are real and that's exactly how fast joe marshall doesn't talk
but that doesn't mean you shouldn't watch him.
Mark Kulak can talk a little slower than me at times too, but his humor is so clever that you're going to need to be sharpened on the edge of your seat all the time listening.
Ladies and gentlemen, I think there's no better way
to envision what's going on than to imagine that you've been watching an elaborate Star Trek show and you have been trying to text the people on the set, you've been trying to text the people in the costumes, you've been trying to text the stagehands and trying to convince them that they need to do something different, that they need to be aware that there's somebody behind them or that the Romulans are about to attack or they missed a key detail on their on their tricorder readout.
And after a few, what looks like somebody was listening to you because you got some chats back or something like that, Captain Kirk steps out of the Enterprise main control room or the bridge and you're
You think you did it.
You think you told him, and he stepped away, and he avoided the explosion, and you think that you had some influence on the show.
That's what social media does to us.
That's what it did to us, most importantly, at the beginning of the pandemic, where we thought that we were part of a mystery-solving exercise, when, in fact, we were watching a theater version of a mystery-solving exercise.
It was gonna take about five years to reach its climax, where everybody on both sides get, I guess it was a lab leak,
And so if you can start to think of Brett Weinstein and Dave Pakman and Sam Seder and Kim Iverson and Theo Vaughn and all these people as people that are on social media, but they don't read it, they don't use it.
And in fact, social media represents them as being
more than they are.
One of the things that I'd like to discuss just briefly, I've got a little list here that I'm just going to flip over on this.
I think I can, no I can't.
Can I not do that?
Maybe I didn't turn the camera on.
I got this list of things that I've been thinking about.
I guess I'm a little bit out of focus.
That button should work.
There we go.
Um, a little list of things that I've been thinking about, about how we could dispel the myth of this, which way do I go?
This kind of being on the Star Trek Enterprise, you know, with, with like Ryan Cole and, and, and Jessica Rose sitting at the, at the helm and,
and I don't know some communication officer maybe Jessica Hockett is over at one seat and and somebody like Nick Hudson is at the other seat and they're all having conversations about Bergamo, Italy and it sounds really good or they're having conversations about how the Romulan ship is cloaked and they're all really good because they all stay on script and during the pandemic
I was really fooled.
I thought I could help.
I thought I could change people's minds.
I thought if you just gave me a half an hour, I could convince you that this was the most important idea that you can learn.
And then people said, wow, you're really amazing.
But then they just kept going with the.
with the Star Trek show they just kept going with the script that they were giving and I thought that I had convinced them that they should change the script that they should that they should you know pull the Enterprise out and go back to impulse power turn away from the Romulans go back to Federation space and get out of the neutral zone and they just won't listen to me.
And for five years, I've been breathlessly trying to explain to them how, you know, arguing about whether or not we have to get out of the neutral zone or whether the neutral zone is a mandated reinforced area is kind of a dumb argument if the Romulans are gonna kill you when you go there.
Except all this drama wasn't about Star Trek and Romulans.
It was about biology and pandemics and RNA viruses and PCR tests and people dying.
And so the people that were on stage were scripted not to talk about the real reasons why people were dying, to insist on a consensus, including the captain, you know, Robert Malone or Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
or Donald Trump, insisting that there was a virus that we had to make some hard choices for.
And he made some pretty good choices, including warp speed.
Now what we have to realize, and I think this is crucially important, I'm gonna turn down the sound effects here.
You have to realize that while we have been paying attention to Star Trek here, something else very malevolent has been going on in the Middle East.
And that is about to be blamed on the conservative right in America.
Now the conservative right in America is not a real movement.
It's not like there's a t-shirt or a hat.
But they want you to believe it is.
Stephen Colbert wants you to believe it is.
Jimmy Kimmel wants you to believe it is.
Robert Malone wants you to believe it is.
Maha wants you to believe it is.
Joe Rogan wants you to believe it is, that it's one conservative movement.
So that when they say that the conservative movement has discredited itself and that the leaders of the conservative movement might even be, you know, guilty of war crimes, that is going to be on us unless we pull our heads out now.
Because like it or not, if you can see through Alex Jones, but you're still kind of arguing on the conservative side of things, then that's the team you're on.
You can't say like, I don't know, like Janet Reno in the chat said yesterday, that I could see through Laura Loomer a long time ago.
This is not new information.
That's not the point.
Laura Loomer, Sasha Latupova, her sister Soph, or her daughter Soph, excuse me, Alex Jones,
Brett Weinstein, Robert Malone, they are all by social media design tied to the conservative right.
And so when they decide to say everybody who stood up for Israel without exception or didn't stand up for Gaza like
Donald Trump and everybody else in the Maha movement because we've been paying too much attention to whether we should have Casey Means as Surgeon General or whether we should, you know, ban this RNA or that RNA.
We haven't been paying attention to other things, which the other side is paying attention to a lot.
And this is by design.
This is the trap that's now closing.
And unfortunately, the jaws of this trap are going to fracture the conservative part of America.
Because the other part of America, they don't need to worry about.
They're governing them very effectively.
PBS NewsHour works on them.
Democracy Now works on them.
But the best part I can give you and the best thing that I can tell you is that the absurdities on both sides are what allow them, the lesser versions of both to coexist.
You know, you can see through Laura Loomer and it doesn't matter if you're a conservative and you don't disown her, then you're done.
You can see through the Joe Biden and the Harris thing, but if you don't actually disown that part of the democratic, you know, narrative, then you're done.
then the red people will dismiss you, then the blue people will dismiss you.
And so somewhere in the middle here is a, wow, we've both been played by a national security state.
We have both been watching bad versions of a Star Trek show,
the most ridiculous episodes of which are obviously absurd on both sides.
And yet both sides have been convinced not to admit that their absurd episodes are absurd.
They're just kind of ignoring them.
Oh, I already saw through Alex Jones and Lauren Loomer.
Oh, I already knew that Harris was kind of a windbag.
I already knew that there must be smarter people behind Biden.
Oh, I knew that the Russian hoax was a little bit over the top.
Well, obviously Donald Trump is not the most clever guy, or he's not the most ethical guy, but he's still a very good businessman.
And these kinds of cognitive dissonance exist on both sides, but right now, it is the critically thinking conservative right in America that's been set up for a disaster.
because all of the people that we are following and arguing with, remember, right?
We're texting these people on the Star Trek Enterprise set, and we're hoping that they're going to change their mind.
You know, Mary Talley Bowden is working really hard on X to make sure that, you know, maybe somebody will listen to her about the mRNAs.
And so, man, oh, man, I'm frustrated.
And that's a theater.
That is all a theater being performed by people who are being compensated for being part of that theater.
And that governance theater is keeping you from realizing that America's governance and the control of our government is not in our hands anymore.
It's very, very bad.
And we think that the Maha movement, the podcasts that they're doing is evidence of work getting done.
It's not.
There are empty desks.
There are people that need hiring.
There are people that don't believe in the government anymore.
There's funding gone.
There's all kinds of chaos behind the scenes in a way that's not been there before in America.
And it's not clear whether this tailspin can be reversed.
I don't really know, especially if both sides are very interested in maintaining the tailspin.
if in fact there isn't both sides, but it's just Obama, Trump, Biden, Trump, all one continuous administration running the United States into the ground.
And more importantly, running the United States into the ground while using the
you know, a faux conservative movement to do it.
So they actually will achieve multiple, multiple goals if this succeeds, because the Christian right in America would be permanently sort of discredited by people like Bobby Kennedy, who says that he prays 30 minutes every day.
And the answer to his prayers was Donald Trump, like Sherry Tenpenny, who says she's been fighting the vaccine schedule for 25 years because God told her to, or even Donald Trump,
holds up a Bible, we know that God or Jesus or any entity or thought or concept like that is not governing what he does.
That's not governing what any of these people do.
They don't have the humility to admit there are things in the world that they don't understand.
Because they're too busy thinking about the things they control.
So I do think there's a way out, but it's a way out that involves Americans, all Americans eating crow.
All Americans have to admit that they didn't know what was going on.
And it may be that the conservative right in America right now is gonna be made more of a fool of, but the bottom line is a spectrum of genders is just as ridiculous as believing that Donald Trump is going to save the American democracy.
Talking about a man who wants to become a woman as a trans woman is just dumb.
It's a trans man.
That's easy to solve.
That's no problem.
Yet both sides seem to agree that trans women are men that want to be women, which just doesn't make any semantic sense.
But you can see how inverting those two terms makes it very hard for people to see through it.
And in fact, very easy to bludgeon kids over the head with this idea.
I don't think there's any biological basis for it.
And again, I just think that the way forward is to reject both sides.
Get off of social media, start reading books.
You know, you could think of that Pai Mei video we looked at yesterday as, you know, you can read books like a human or you can sleep on the floor like a dog and look at and read whatever your phone gives you to read.
Because that's really where we are.
We need to realize that there's no convenience on social media.
There's no, um, you know, entertainment really on social media, unless you use it within great intention.
If you're not using social media with great intention and great discernment, social media will enslave you.
It will ruin you.
And more importantly, and more, more importantly, it will ruin your kids.
So, you know, people can say that I'm not offering an alternative, but I think I actually am.
I have a soapbox instance that is gigaohmbiological.com, and that soapbox instance is essentially the same as Truth Social, which is the same as Blue Sky.
As far as being cutting edge and offering an alternative, I don't know what else I can do.
So I also have built a Peertube website, which is a decentralized, federated version of a YouTube kind of video hoster.
It has its own app.
If you download that Peertube app and enter the URL stream.gigaohm.bio, you will have the live stream and the recent posts of my work and Mark's work.
on your phone with no login, no data collection, and extremely stable streaming of videos.
So I can't tell you enough how much this kicks ass.
I can only tell you to download it.
I hope your phone isn't too old to use it because it's a game changer for me.
And I think it will be a game changer for you.
Ladies and gentlemen, we have been governed by scripted actors for a long, long time.
Um, and the trick for me is to try and point those scripted actors out last three years.
I mean, for sure.
One of those scripted actors is Jessica Rose here.
You can see a video recorded from her in 2023, but only released in a documentary produced in 2025, where she says she's uniquely qualified to speak about the events of the last few years because she has five degrees.
What she's really talking about are post-docs.
This is a total fraud.
Somebody who's on a script provided by Robert Malone and probably NATO or Horditra or something like that.
But Jessica Rose is one of the more egregious, fraudulent adults on earth.
Because she spent the last five years pretending to be something and someone that she's not.
and for any of you that have fallen for this schtick that is jessica rose please download the spars pandemic document look on page 47 through 53 and read about the epi girl character because that's what this shithead is
This is just somebody who has taken a lot of money on Substack, and a lot of money from Brownstone, and a lot of money from IMA, and a lot of money from FLCC to talk about nonsense, scripted nonsense.
She may not even write all of her Substacks.
Just like Robert Malone and Jill Glasspool Malone definitely don't write all of their Substacks.
And so you really need to understand that your family and friends may have been bamboozled by an extremely aggressive and extremely advanced version of psychological warfare that involved actors on social media.
And here's the trick.
Did this thing work?
It did.
So here's the trick.
Okay.
Oops, that's the wrong one.
That's the right one.
For me, what I don't know what I'm doing here, I'm not producing very well.
For me, the trick is to think about this list right here.
This is the list that breaks the illusion for me because when I put this list together, I thought, wow, imagine that.
Okay, so this list says tweets per day, words per week on Substack, Substack's comments per day, per week, podcasts per week, DMs, texts, signal chats per week, telegram groups and telegram messages per week, and the number of telephone numbers that somebody has.
Now, I want you to imagine a scenario, because this only occurred to me recently.
I want you to imagine a scenario that you wanted to fool somebody like me into thinking that they were teaching Brent Weinstein biology.
The way that you would do it is you'd put this guy on a signal chat and then have a Zoom drink with all the people in the signal chat in the first week of the signal chat.
And then after that, never see each other again.
And so essentially, after one Zoom meeting, I was convinced that the signal chat had the same people in it that the Zoom meeting did.
But I don't know that for sure.
And in fact, the way that Brett Weinstein reacted to me in 2024 at the Pittsburgh Brownstone event finally makes sense to me.
because I wasn't teaching him biology in that signal chat.
I was teaching his handler or handlers the biology.
And that's why Brett Weinstein and his wife both mentioned me a couple of times in kind of a weak sort of, we don't really know this guy kind of way.
And certainly we don't know his website or what he's really trying to do because they weren't interacting with me.
Here's the scary part.
If you think about how that could be done,
How many people were getting direct messages from Peter McCullough on Instagram?
How many people got direct messages from Peter McCullough on Telegram groups or on Twitter?
How many people got direct messages from Peter McCullough on Substack?
How many people got direct messages from Peter McCullough on Gab or anywhere else?
And then think about how many of those people can verify it was actually Peter McCullough.
How many signal chats was Ryan Cole in versus how many did people think he was in?
Maybe you thought you were in the only signal chat that Ryan Cole was in when in reality he was in 10,000 different signal chats with 50,000 people.
And there would be no way for us to verify that because if you're in a signal chat with 150 people and one of them's Ryan Cole and every once in a while he posts, as far as you're concerned, he's in that group.
But fifth generation warfare wouldn't need to get very complicated for that to be an illusion.
Ryan Cole could be on an island somewhere with his wife and kids playing volleyball and posting hundreds of Substack comments a day, tweeting hundreds of times a day, putting out hundreds of thousands of words on Substack, answering all the DMs on Instagram and all the DMs on Twitter.
And every one of those people would have no idea that he was playing volleyball on a beach because later on in the afternoon, a recorded podcast is going to broadcast and it looks like he's working hard.
Now I'm not saying that I have any first-hand knowledge that that's what Ryan Cole did.
What I want you to entertain the possibility of is that all the DMs that you got aren't real.
All the communications that you've had with these people are not real.
But they could easily be made to appear real.
Especially if the responses are very limited or there's a lot of people in the group.
That's a pretty deep and magical level of enchantment.
If you thought that you were in a special group that Ryan Cole and, you know, Sukrit Bhakti and Thomas Binder were in these groups.
I was in a great group.
It was called like the, you know, air free asylum, man.
Oh man.
I felt so powerful when I was in that group.
And every time I tapped in there, I got a message right back.
Can you imagine if they, you know, there's no ethics, there's no limits to what they'll do.
And maybe Ryan Cole was everywhere.
Maybe Jessica Rose was everywhere.
Maybe they used Jessica Rose twin.
Again, there's no limits to what they will do.
And all of these things are child's play.
Like this is a joke.
How are you going to count all the substack comments that somebody puts out per day and count how many DMs they send on Twitter and how many posts they do on Facebook and how many signal chats they're in and how many signal messages they sent?
How would you ever know?
Nevermind the actual text messages and phone calls they make.
And how easy would it be for them to game that?
Because that's what I think they did.
And they did that with Jessica Rose and probably Asim Malhotra, probably Robert Malone, probably Sasha Latupova, probably Pierre Corey, probably Jessica Cockett.
All these people have had an extended reach just by that kind of fake amplification.
And so fifth generation warfare is all of these kinds of groups and the people that run them and how they're set up and how they work.
That's fifth generation warfare.
That's it for sure.
just like this is fifth generation warfare, organizing some Senate hearing that's supposed to expose something or having Senator Ron Johnson on CHD tonight at eight o'clock to talk about vaccine injuries with Polly Tommy, the foreign agent, and Brian Hooker, the guy who used to not say autism back in 2013, but now he's building a big top tent of health freedom with a smile on his face, saving no kids from anything.
And so Trump derangement syndrome was created by a group of people, some of whom were connected to all the same comedy club in LA.
Many of them are connected through Larry David and Seinfeld and Steve Bannon and Teal and Rogan, RFK and Skyhorse Publishing.
It's all one shit show.
This lady is friends with them.
This lady, I think was at that comedy club too.
But anyway, it doesn't matter.
They, they like, she worked with Steve Bannon.
Like this is all one show.
That's why Jimmy Kimmel is on the show too.
That this all one show, it's just all one show.
And there's no way to avoid the truth that this was an anticipated rise in all-cause mortality.
There's an easy list to describe what they did.
It's manslaughter and lies.
Endemicity is a myth that Ralph Baric and Tony Fauci have been telling us for decades now, that even somebody like Jeffrey Sachs believes in.
And nobody, none of these people seem to care or be able to enunciate that, well, one way they could have got rid of it with this is placebo.
No one, literally no one can explain how placebos would be a boon to both manufacturing quotas and also to greatly reduce the safety signal, which of course, Jessica Rose and CHD and Steve Kirsch have been yelling about forever.
Bare signal, man.
Everybody's still using PCR to find the ghost.
Nobody has stopped that yet.
That's because this is by design.
They are on a script and it's not in their script to stop the PCR test.
It's not in their script to question the bio fire PCR test.
It's not in their script to save our children.
That's why we have to do it ourselves.
And so I've been trying very hard to say it as succinctly as possible.
I think I'm getting really close now.
Intramuscular injection is a dumb idea from the late 1800s.
Transfection of healthy humans was a crime and it remains so.
RNA cannot pandemic and autism is a meaningless word by design.
Autism spectrum disorder is a myth.
We can break this, but not if you're going to choose to wear a blue hat.
Not if you believe that the Trump administration is destroying our democracy, you know, but the Biden administration wasn't.
COVID was a public health disaster of dumb people is not what it was.
It was brainwashed people and people that were the target of a decade long, maybe even two decades long PR program.
Pandemics do not happen, but that's what the blue people believe.
And the blue people also believe that Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
is killing kids.
So you better pull your head out and realize what your neighbors think.
Oh, there's bad news of fans of living, because Health Secretary RFK Jr.
just pulled $500 million in funding for vaccine development.
Now, we have 10 more months of this show, and I want to give a measured nonpartisan response here.
F*** you, you roid-addled nepo-cum.
I mean, what should scare you is the applause.
I mean, there could, there is a stage director there who's going like this, go, go, go, go, go, go, go.
But it's still scary.
Specifically.
Specifically, Bobby Jr.
is nixing 22 projects that use mRNA technology.
But that's the latest vaccine technology.
That's like saying, kids, I'm turning off the GPS.
We're going to make our way to six flags by using the stars.
Hand Daddy the sextant.
Yes.
Crank down Windows in Daddy's car.
There you go.
All right, there you go.
Now, yesterday, yesterday, RFK Jr.
tried to defend the indefensible.
Most of these shots are for flu or COVID, but as the pandemic showed us, mRNA vaccines don't perform well against viruses that infect the upper respiratory tract.
Counterpoint.
F*** you, you roadkill-munching, red-eyed, human slim Jim.
You're gonna kill people.
Why?
Why would you say that mRNA vaccines don't perform well against upper-repertory infections?
The National Institutes of Health said they prevented an estimated 14.4 million deaths.
Why?
Why on Earth is RFK Jr.
so anxious to fill our streets with dead bodies?
These are my two ravens.
Oh, right.
I forgot.
They do love the eyeballs.
Experts say mRNA vaccines are safe.
And a University of Minnesota professor of infectious diseases pandemic preparation said, I don't think I've seen a more dangerous decision in public health in my 50 years in the business.
And keep in mind, 50 years ago, the base of the food pyramid was menthol cigarettes.
Now, the Trump administration, Trump administration is always also trying to end science up in space because we just
I find that quite remarkable because yes, he has eight months more of driving that fire, fanning the flames of morons that have believed the narrative from the beginning and the more dangerous narrative, the one that says that their fellow Americans put people at risk and made the pandemic worse.
Those people are out there and they might be more numerous than us.
These people believe that Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
is killing kids.
And so we need to pull our heads out, ladies and gentlemen, and start calling it for what it is.
These people are frauds.
They were an elaborate operation.
We were set up.
We're sorry.
And we want to correct this mission right now.
We want to correct this course right now, because this is bad news, ladies and gentlemen.
It's bad, bad, bad news.
for mRNA vaccine development.
You'll remember that mRNA vaccines were vital in fighting COVID-19, and they're seen as a key tool to control future pandemics because they can be manufactured quickly.
Even Trump's former Surgeon General, Dr. Jerome Adams, said this move will cost lives.
Anna Merlin, reporter for Mother Jones, wrote about RFK's war on these immunizations, and here she is with Hari Sreenivasan.
Christiane, thanks.
Anna Merlin, you recently wrote a piece in Mother Jones titled The Plot Against Vaccines.
Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
and his allies have hit on a way to undermine immunization.
First, I guess, let's just sort of break down the article bit by bit.
Is there an overarching plot?
I think this guy's Indian.
Or how far along are we in this?
Right.
My colleague, Keira Butler, and I, who co-wrote the article with me, looked at sort of a series of steps that Mr. Kennedy and the people he's installed at HHS have taken to, frankly, endanger the vaccine supply.
And we looked at both things that could potentially hurt the people trying to get vaccinated, could deter companies from making vaccines.
And we also looked at the ways that he's trying to overhaul the National Vaccine Injury Compensation Program, which works to
compensate people who allege that they've been injured by vaccines.
So it's a pretty systematic approach and it is frankly moving very, very quickly.
A lot of public health experts we talk to are really, really concerned.
Okay, let's start with the National Vaccine Injury Compensation Program.
I'm pretty safe in assuming that a majority of Americans don't even know what that is and how it works.
Explain what it is.
So the National Vaccine Injury Compensation Program was established in the 1980s.
after a scare over DTP vaccines, diphtheria, tetanus, pertussis.
Basically, throughout the 1970s, there were a growing number of personal injury lawsuits alleging injuries from DTP vaccines and the amount of money being asked for from those lawsuits kept skyrocketing.
So by the end of the 1970s and the beginning of the 1980s, drug manufacturers were increasingly reluctant to make those vaccines and indeed to make vaccines at all.
despite the fact that most public health experts and scientists who looked at these
Lawsuits didn't necessarily think that the injuries that were being alleged came from these vaccines.
So there started to be a real nationwide concern over the vaccine supply, endangering the vaccine supply, which of course doesn't just hurt the US, it also hurts the rest of the world because a lot of major drug companies are housed here in the US.
So basically, they came up with this system, the National Vaccine Injury Compensation Program that went into effect a few years later,
that essentially created what is called a no-fault system, where people who allege that they or their children were injured by vaccines go into this specialized program that is set up to compensate them.
where people like Aaron Seery are paid whether they win the case or not.
So now she's gonna tell you that most of them just get paid out and it seems like a pretty friendly little place, but I'm not sure it's that simple, but Aaron Seery loves it.
And Aaron Seery just wants the COVID shots to be on the VICP so that he can make lots of money from it.
That's also what Robert F. Kennedy Jr's son does for a living.
I have a little pause here, there we go.
Most cases, about 60% of cases are heard without going into a courtroom, so to speak.
The system is actually designed to compensate people very quickly, even if the injuries aren't necessarily proved to be caused by vaccines.
It's a pretty unique program.
And then the cases that are heard in a courtroom of sorts are heard by what are called special masters, who are judicial appointees who are specially trained
in vaccine law, vaccine cases, the science around vaccines, the sort of established system about how... So if most Americans have never heard about this, the way that she's explaining it, it sounds very friendly, very easy, and it seems like it errs on the side of paying people out even if they can't really prove it.
Which is a pretty... not... I don't think that's totally true.
Although, you know, we'd have to talk to somebody like Rolf Hazlehorst or somebody like that before we'd really figure it out.
The trick is to understand, and I think she's going to say it very soon, that there is a pre...
determined list of things that they compensate for, and autism is not on that list.
Now, why would autism not be on that list?
Well, one of the reasons why autism is not on that list is because autism is not a very well-defined disease.
In fact, I think if you start listening carefully to the no-virus people and to the bullshitters on any side, you will quickly hear people using the words diseases and illness in a very loose umbrella way, just in the same way they use the word vaccine.
And vaccine doesn't mean any more than illness does.
It is a general term that, like, stink.
Or, uh...
What is another good term for that kind of thing?
Warm, you know, I mean, it's not very, you know, if you could tell somebody that it's 98 degrees outside, or you could say it was warm outside, which one of those is more specific?
Well, if you say vaccine, you're not being very specific.
If you say illness and how does it spread, you're not being very specific.
If you say contagious illnesses and not a thing, you're not really being very specific.
And in fact, by saying something so aspecific,
You're saying something that from the perspective of communication, it could sound very profound to the person with the right assumptions, or it could sound very retarded to a person with a different set of assumptions.
And so that lack of precision is happening here right now, where she's describing in a very favorable way something that I think Ralph Hazlehorse would describe in a very different way.
And the idea here is to make it seem as though, and I think they're right, that the anti-vax movement in America is almost exclusively bullshit, because it actually is.
And it's going to take a few months for us to really teach our way out of this so that we can show people that there is an anti-vax position to take, but it's not an anti-vax position, it's an anti-intermuscular injection position.
It's an anti-preservative injection position.
It's an anti-untested adjuvant position.
It's an anti-intramuscular injection position, an anti-augmenting your immune system willy-nilly position.
It's not vaccines cause autism.
It's not a big top tent of health freedom.
It is a very precise way of talking about what these people are lying about.
RNA can't do that.
It's called transfection, and it always was.
And, for the love of goodness, intramuscular injection's a dumb idea from the late 1800s, early 1900s.
Remember that Mother Jones is the actual magazine, including Mother Jones and Rolling Stone, where all of these measles articles were put back in the day for Robert F. Kennedy Jr.'
's, you know, seeded narrative.
Some vaccines can, in very rare cases,
cause some injury to some people.
So it is a pretty revolutionary system.
And while it people who work within it, you know, like the attorneys who represent vaccine injured people would tell you that it is in need of some updates.
By and large, it has been working pretty well since the 1980s.
So this seems like a compromise.
On the one hand, the public health infrastructure says, listen, vaccines overall are important.
And at the same time, there might be injuries.
Is that right?
Yeah, that's correct.
I mean, broadly, we know and we have known for centuries at this point that vaccination is a good thing and it is good for public health.
Centuries.
Stop lying.
i don't think she's lying i don't think she knows but it's not centuries however like every medical product it is not risk-free for absolutely everyone so this not for absolutely everyone so you know like neil degrasse tyson when he was on the high wire and explaining how some people can't get vaccinated because they have a condition that doesn't allow that to happen stop lying
Lion!
It's so dumb because we're getting right back to the James Lyons Weiler pitch of environmental and genetic causes of autism and maybe some people are genetically vulnerable to the components of vaccines so we're gonna have to screen everybody on a medical and genetic basis to make vaccine schedules safer.
basically concludes that it is our social responsibility to compensate those very few people who might be injured by vaccines.
It's our social responsibility to compensate those small number of people who are injured by vaccines.
And it could very well be a small number of people.
But they don't compensate people whose kids lose eye contact and start shitting against the wall.
and they don't call that autism.
They just say that vaccines cause autism.
You see the absolute ridiculousness of Polly Tommy saying that she cured her son with secretant injections and was in the newspaper in the UK, but now is in America years later with a ranch in Austin, rich and famous, in front of the Senate, talking about the injury of her child.
when she was on a newspaper in the UK saying her child was cured by injections of secretin recommended by Andrew Wakefield, who's now also in America, owning property in Austin, Texas, and being paraded around as a hero, including allowed to speak in front of our governing bodies.
And in fact, those people are behind Robert F. Kennedy Jr., behind him with Merrill Nass and Mary Holland, two extreme frauds, and Robert Malone, a deep state insider, DITRA, DOD, et cetera.
And so we have been set up by a very elaborate con.
And that long con is about to be dropped on our heads.
It doesn't mean that she's right.
It doesn't mean that, that, that,
Sreenivasan is a genius, it means that the script is written so that we lose.
And you need to see it.
And it won't do you any good to argue with them or tell them the subtle nuances of what they're not getting right, because these people are going to be in charge in a couple years.
Because Donald Trump is not going to be in charge.
Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
is not going to be running for office.
And if AOC and Buttigieg are in charge, then this kind of mentality will again become the norm, the accepted reality.
And for a lot of people, it still is.
And so instead of fighting for something, instead of the truth getting out, like Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
and Merrill Nass and Mary Holland and Children's Health Defense have been telling us on stage at all their stupid conferences, the truth is not getting out at all.
And in fact, for the last 15 years, those people have been scripted to fuck it up.
They've been scripted not to save anybody.
And in fact, they let people run right into the jaws of the trap for the first three years of the pandemic.
And now after five or six years, they're trying to tell us that they always knew and they did not.
And the only reason why these people aren't aware that the transfections were actually nasty and should have never been given is that the vast majority were probably placebo and neither side can figure that out because it's a script.
They're acting!
And to do so quickly.
So what are some of the examples of people who have been in front of this system who get paid out?
So if you look at HRSA.gov, you can see that there are so-called table injuries.
There is a list of vaccines and the supposed injuries that can, in some rare cases, be caused by them, right?
And so you can see that there are things like encephalitis.
One of the most common injuries is actually not an allergic reaction.
It is what's called serva, which is a shoulder injury that can happen if the
vaccine is administered too high or too low in the muscle.
So these so-called... Too high or too low in the muscle, you can get this one thing called... Holy balls, that's hilarious.
Wow, that's really hilarious.
Table injury is not only say which vaccine could in rare cases cause which injury, it also gives you a time frame that is generally scientifically agreed upon for when these injuries could take place, which is again an important counter to
what Secretary Kennedy and other people like him have claimed, which is pinning any number of childhood and adult syndromes to vaccines, even if there is no evidence that that is the case, and even if the vaccines were administered years ago.
R.F.K.
Jr.
seems to be incredibly critical of this court.
He recently tweeted out that the ICP has devolved into a morass of inefficiency, favoritism, and outright corruption as government lawyers and the special masters who serve as vaccine court judges prioritize the solvency of the HHS trust fund over their duty to compensate victims.
Well, why is R.F.K.
so critical of this court, this process?
Secretary Kennedy has been critical of it for years going back to his time as the head of the anti-vaccine organization, Children's Health Defense.
So it's funny, right?
Because Children's Health Defense is just a big top 10 for health freedom and they're not anti-vaccine.
They just want safe vaccines.
They want placebo tested vaccines.
And so again, we have this really terrible malevolent trap we're in where so many people have been convinced to answer exactly like I just did.
and defend Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
and Mary Holland and Meryl Nass and Brian Hooker's 25 years of failure or a decade of failure as part of the 5D strategy that they're doing and the big top tent of health freedom that they've established.
But what they've actually done is set the conservative movement up for complete disaster, complete discrediting, and maybe even set up the Christian right in America for complete discreditation.
by all their fellow Americans and maybe all their fellow secular citizens of the Western world.
And so without a doubt, it is vital that conservative, principled, critically thinking, Christian, I don't know, religious, faithful, you know, people that just accept that there's things that we don't understand, those people, they need to pull their heads out.
They need to burn that red hat.
They need to admit that, wow, I'm pretty, I was pretty fooled.
Like, I should not have believed this, but make the argument that the only reason why I believed it is because you fricking people were offering us Harris.
because you people believed in Obama.
You people believed in Biden.
So yeah, I understand that I made a mistake by thinking that I could throw a wrench in the system by voting for Donald Trump in 2016.
I made a mistake in thinking that, you know, maybe Donald Trump was a good guy and he was gonna be good.
But at some point you can admit that, well, I didn't think that
that Israel would still be bombing Gaza.
I didn't think that we would bomb Iran.
I didn't think that Donald Trump would do nothing.
I didn't think that Donald Trump would do that and just pull your head out because Bobby hasn't done anything but fund a universal vaccine for flu and COVID.
Bobby hasn't done anything but do podcasts.
Jay Bhattacharya hasn't done anything but do podcasts.
Jay Bhattacharya is the most unqualified person to head the NIH ever.
I don't even know what that guy would give a lecture about, but most of the shit on his resume has to do with diseases and modeling.
And all of his academic work from undergraduate to PhD to MD to whatever has all been at Stanford.
You can't find another academic on earth that's done their undergraduate, their master's degree, their PhD, and their MD at the same university because there isn't any other university in the United States that would tolerate that bullshit.
But Stanford isn't a real university.
Stanford is full of puppets.
I don't know what to say, ladies and gentlemen.
I'm not optimistic, but I'm not pessimistic, because I do actually think it's a message for anyone that wants to see it.
But you just got to accept the premise that we are being ruled by a red-blue theater, and both the red and the blue are absurd.
And the absurdities are different.
The absurdities are gears which mesh perfectly, and inside of these gears are being ground up our family and our communities.
as we choose from two very ridiculous sides.
It's not a lesser of two evils, it's just equivalent dumb, equivalent stupid, equivalent mythologies on both sides, and they're both absurd.
It's not evil, it's absurdity.
call it evil, then everybody can't think about it.
It's just absurd.
And if you see that this theater is absurd, you can let it go.
You can dismiss it.
It doesn't have any superpowers.
It's not about to take over the world.
It's just absurdly dumb that America has Donald Trump as a president, and Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
as HHS secretary, and some guy by the name of Jayantabadacharya, who smells like curry, at the head of frickin' NIH.
He is a fraud.
Marty McCary's a fraud.
Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
is a scripted fraud with a bunch of frauds behind him.
And if we don't teach this to our children as part of the real American history in about 15 years, we won't have an America to come back to or to point to.
Well, I don't know what Mr. Kennedy's personal ire about the program is linked to.
A lot of personal injury attorneys in the anti-vaccine movement are critical of the program because they would like these cases to be heard in civil court.
And indeed, Mr. Kennedy has been counsel
in some of the few vaccine cases that are heard in civil court, a series of class action lawsuits over the Gardasil vaccine.
So I would say that in listening to the comments that Mr. Kennedy has made recently about this program, it is pretty striking some of the basic facts that he misstates.
He claims that the system is designed not to compensate people.
He claims that it's a lot more adversarial than it actually is.
He doesn't mention that 60% of people are
compensated without ever going before a special master.
It is, again, these are statistics that are easy to find if you work for the federal government or look at a government... They're not easy to find if you listen to Mary Holland and Merrill Nass and Brian Hooker and listen to the scripts that they read.
These statistics are not very easy to find if you fell for Sherry Tenpenny or
or Suzanne Humphreys or James Lyons Wyler.
It's really bad, ladies and gentlemen.
It's much worse than you thought.
Because intramuscular injection being a dumb idea from the 1800s doesn't preclude the possibility that the measles vaccine worked.
That's where we are.
Run website.
So it's very surprising to me how many things he says about the program that most people would disagree with.
One of the lines of reasoning that Secretary Kennedy has used in the past is that courts like the one that deal with vaccines are set up in a way to protect the profits of pharmaceutical companies.
What's wrong with that thinking?
If they had to go to civil court, wouldn't there be a possibility that they would have to pay lots more to people who are suffering from vaccines?
So there's a couple of things wrong here.
One is that as anybody who's paid the slightest attention to the American civil court system knows, it's adversarial, it's expensive, it takes a long time.
So we would be asking patients who may also already be dealing with serious injuries to go through a very long, very expensive court system where for instance, their legal fees are not paid for, which in many cases they are paid for in the National Vaccine Injury Compensation Program.
They also stand a chance of losing.
You know, this is something that is not often mentioned when Secretary Kennedy talks about this.
This is a process that does not have a guaranteed outcome.
This was set up, the national vaccine... See, now she's not talking about it, honestly, because you cannot sue in a civil court.
You can't sue in regular court because of the PrEP Act and because of the National Vaccine Safety Act.
You're just not allowed to anymore.
And so the PrEP Act essentially creates a violation of fundamental rights to sue for damages over $20.
So you can say it's like really expensive and it'll be a long trial and you could lose, but that's not what would happen.
What would happen is the court would say, we can't listen to your trial because of the PrEP Act and kick it to the administrative court.
And so they're talking like that's an option, but it's only an option if your goal is to torpedo the whole act by having the court say, we can't allow you to sue for damages because of this law.
And then you argue again to the circuit court that that law should be struck because it allows the suspension of my fundamental rights without holding the government to strict scrutiny.
And so again, this is not a genuine portrayal of the conundrum that we have created for ourselves.
It is not a genuine portrayal of what the vaccine injury court is.
Not on that side and not on the CHD side.
And that is the malevolence of this trap.
But boy, this is sure a convincing interview that Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
and CHD haven't been telling us the full story.
Compensation program was set up for patients.
It was set up to make sure that they have a better chance.
Civil court is a lot more unpredictable.
It involves people going up against juries who may or may not side with them.
And so overall, you go up against a jury in a trial like that.
That's interesting, isn't it?
Need increased compensation in this program.
These people are
not getting paid enough, the caps are too low because they were established a long time ago.
There need to be more special masters hearing these cases so they go through more quickly.
If Secretary Kennedy and the people he appointed talked to lawyers for vaccine injured plaintiffs, they would have a lot of suggestions for how to overhaul the program.
It wouldn't involve weakening or dismantling it in the ways that he seems to be suggesting.
Let's take a look at a different kind of line of his attack on immunizations or vaccines.
He has, as the secretary, the power to help appoint people in positions who decide what sort of vaccines we should be pursuing, which ones should be taken off the shelves, which should be suggested for use, et cetera.
Who has he filled those leadership positions with?
Yeah, one really noteworthy thing that happened recently that you probably saw the headlines about is that Secretary Kennedy removed all 17 members of ACIP, which is an advisory body that helps CDC decide what should appear on the vaccine schedule and the sort of guidance we give to the American public about vaccines.
So Secretary Kennedy removed all 17 members of ACIP and replaced them with people who in several cases have
very distinct and long-term ties to the anti-vaccine movement and to other forms of medical skepticism and sort of contested medical advice.
So he's done that.
That is ongoing.
He has suspended the U.S.'
's funding to Gavi, the Vaccine Alliance, which helps vaccinate children in some of the poorest places in the world and developing countries against
diseases like polio, Ebola, meningitis.
He's installed a series of people throughout HHS.
There's been a number of actions and they're happening very fast.
What's the response been from the existing medical community?
And does that break down along, I don't know, partisan lines?
Is it just Democrat doctors or Republican doctors that are either in support of this or in opposition to this?
No, this is broadly unpopular with the medical community.
Another thing that HHS has done under Mr. Kennedy is kicked out long established medical associations from the- One thing that I should probably make clear that I think the health freedom movement has purposefully distorted is the idea that there are a lot of doctors waking up because I don't think there are.
I think there is an incredible paucity of doctors waking up.
And the main reason why is because the doctors that are amplified on social media are not very knowledgeable doctors.
Sherry Tenpenny is never gonna convince any of our family doctors to reconsider.
And neither is Suzanne Humphries on Joe Rogan, neither is James Lyons Weiler.
And so that, I think, is a unique position that GigaOM Biological could potentially occupy.
I think that I could explain it to a lot of people in a way that they have never heard it before, and explain it in a way that leaves open a great deal of uncertainty as to what's good and what's bad, but a general understanding of why certain things are probably not good.
biological basis for understanding why intramuscular injection was probably a dumb idea from the very, very start.
But now that we know so much about the immune system, it's a very, very dumb idea.
CDC working groups that talk about vaccines.
Again, this is like the American Medical Association and another half dozen really big medical bodies.
The concern has been very widespread and it has been nonpartisan.
This is a this is a serious concern for public health experts, scientists, doctors who study vaccination.
And, you know, the biggest concern overall is that it's going to be confusing to the American public.
You're suddenly going to have somebody in a position of extraordinary power
making contested and extremely questionable claims about the safety of the vaccination system that, you know, we've worked so hard as sort of the US public health system has worked so hard to build trust in these programs.
You know, it's also interesting that we're already seeing a decrease in vaccinations, and that's accelerated post-COVID, right?
Yeah, yeah, that's true.
COVID was a really profitable and fruitful time for anti-vaccine groups.
They were able to use people's fear and confusion about what was going on.
to drive first skepticism about COVID vaccines and mRNA technology, and then vaccines more broadly.
As you're saying, we've seen a decrease in the number of children getting vaccinated for school.
And, you know, that has happened previously in other areas of history.
It's always a concern, but it's a special concern right now because we're still dealing with a devastating measles outbreak across the country that, again,
HHS has not been speaking about as much as you might expect.
Measles is incredibly dangerous.
It's especially dangerous for children and infants.
And if those kids are not vaccinated against measles, it could be and has been for at least two children in Texas so far deadly.
It's funny, they tell stories about how when you get measles, it erases your immune memory and to all other, I mean, I've heard a lot of stories about measles.
Apparently, vaccination to measles doesn't ruin your immunity to everything else.
What's been the Secretary's incredibly dangerous?
Secretary Kennedy suggested that at least one of the children who died of measles was malnourished, which is not true.
We do not have any evidence that that is the case.
And Secretary Kennedy's former organization, Children's Health Defense, has actually interviewed the parents of the children who died in Texas and is sort of attempting to
bring them around to the anti-vaccination cause.
So I think it's fair to say that a lot of public health experts, myself and my colleague Kira Butler talked to, really expressed a desire for HHS to do more to reemphasize that people should get their children vaccinated against measles and to not muddy the waters and confuse people about what is safe and what isn't.
I wonder if anybody will be able to sue HHS for damages from measles.
I wonder if anything's gonna flip like that.
Underlying this notion that there could be different environmental factors is sort of a challenge, if not outright denial of germ theory and science that we've established for 150 or 200 years at least now, right?
And I wonder what is,
in place of that?
What is the secretary?
150 or 200 years of germ theory.
Stop lying!
Wow.
The secretary and the people that he works with who are part of this movement, what do they believe in if they don't think that measles spreads the way that it actually does?
Yeah, my colleague Kira Butler has written about this in some detail.
Secretary Kennedy in one of his books suggested a belief in what is called miasma theory, which is basically as he describes it, and the way that he describes it is not quite accurate to the historical belief.
But essentially, the idea with miasma theory is that
people get sick from things like dirty air and environmental factors but they can be protected from illness by better nutrition and by building up their own immune systems and while that was probably a useful idea before we knew what germs were um you know several centuries ago now that we know several centuries ago
Gosh, it's just sad really, you know, like insisting, you know, we've known this since the dawn of time.
You know that germs and viruses get people sick.
You have to take that into account when you're thinking about how to protect people from illness.
So it's funny that she says that.
It's for centuries, right?
I'm just going to show you something that I got in the mail the other day.
Just random.
I'll just show you what I got in the mail the other day.
Cause I get stuff in the mail.
This is a West Virginia official bulletin on the control of communicable diseases.
It's official West Virginia bulletin here on communicable West control of diseases.
And this one is from January of 1936.
So we're not going back centuries, you know, not a couple hundred years.
We're only going back about a hundred years.
And the communicable diseases, we're missing an L there.
Um, include things that are, uh, you know, um, let's see methods of control go through here.
Cholera.
Uh, etiological agent of chicken pox.
Undetermined.
I thought we knew that we had microbes and viruses for centuries.
Oh, dengue fever.
Etiological agent.
Undetermined.
So weird.
I thought we had this down for centuries already.
Huh.
Weird.
Diphtheria.
That's a bacteria.
Interesting.
Dysentery.
Oh, it's a bacteria.
Interesting.
Huh.
Dysentery.
A bacteria.
Interesting.
Huh.
Oh, encephalitis.
Undetermined.
I don't know what to say.
Let me think here.
For centuries, we've known, presumably, cocci, streptococci, but we're not sure.
Boy, I'm telling you, this is weird.
I don't think we've known for very long.
Epidemic influenza, undetermined, claimed at present time to be a filterable virus.
So I'm confused how it is that this, you know, highly intrepid, very intelligent Mother Jones reporter doesn't seem to know that our understandings of communicable diseases are not as high fidelity as she thought, and certainly not high fidelity for centuries.
Not really high fidelity for centuries.
You silly scripted shitheads!
And they are scripted shitheads.
They don't read.
If she was an investigative reporter, she might have already gotten to the point where she understood that intramuscular injection was just dumb.
But she's not an investigative reporter.
She's a scripted reporter.
Write a story about how shitty Robert F. Kennedy Jr.'
's take on vaccines is.
Well, that's pretty easy.
Unbelievable.
So we've asked several times if Secretary Kennedy still believes in and promotes miasma theory.
And I would I would love to know more about whether or not he still holds that to be true.
From your piece, there's a comment from the department and from one of their spokespersons.
The Secretary Kennedy is committed to restoring scientific integrity, transparency, and public trust in federal health policy, especially with concerns vaccines.
Any suggestion that his goal is to make vaccines harder to access or discourage manufacturers is completely false.
How are the actions that he is taking now
how would they decrease the interest of manufacturers to make these medicines?
Right, so we can look at exactly what happened in the 1980s with the DTP vaccine, which is that as these civil cases and these... Hey, Liar Bird, Kate, welcome to the show.
I'm glad you make alive.
That's, it's nice to see you.
I'm glad you chatted that in.
Nice work.
Jury awards started to rack up.
Drug manufacturers started to pull out of making vaccines.
You know, this isn't something
that they have to do.
And frankly, they often choose not to because vaccines, contrary to what a lot of folks in the anti-vaccine movement will tell you, don't make them a ton of money.
That is not a super profitable product for drug manufacturers or doctors.
So they could simply choose not to make them, not to market them due to concerns.
And again, this is something that's really extraordinary, right?
On one side, we're told that they're the most profitable things that vaccine manufacturers can make, you know, Sanovi and Merck.
And then on the other hand, we're told that we don't really make much
I mean, you know, we can just stop making them right now.
I mean, it was stupid.
If you don't want them, we won't make them over getting sued.
And that is very much the place where the public health experts that Kira and I spoke to are worried that we will find ourselves if this type of anti-vaccine rhetoric from the federal government continues.
It remains to be seen, and I would say, as I have been saying when I've talked to folks about this, if you need to get up to date on any of your vaccines at all, talk to your doctor.
Get that done as soon as you can.
Just so we don't leave this conversation with any doubt, where is the science on vaccines today?
Vaccines are incredibly safe.
They're incredibly effective.
We started vaccinating people as a society around the same time that we learned that it's good to wash your hands.
This is a very old, very established science.
But if you have any concerns and say if you're somebody who doesn't trust the American medical establishment, right, you're somebody who just is really concerned about what you see as corruption in American medicine, you can look at studies from places like Denmark.
Denmark just released another landmark study tracking children over the last 24 years to specifically look at whether there's concern over aluminum adjuvants in vaccines.
Aluminum adjuvants have been- And again, you know, it's both sides playing that silly game.
Is it mercury?
Is it adjuvants?
Is it this?
Is it that?
It's stupid.
We debunked it.
It's done.
And it's all nonsense if they're trying to debunk it.
Autism, if they're trying to debunk a particular
adjuvant, if they're trying to debunk a particular component, then they're never going to get to the point where they realize that intramuscular injection is simply dumb.
and that trying to explain a succinct list of things that could happen when you inject a combination of substances intermuscularly is antithetical to our understanding of our biology because it's not that predictable.
She just got through saying that one of the things on her list is really dependent on whether you input it too high or too low in the muscle.
Stop lying!
Come on, this is not an informed person.
That's not an informed person.
This is not a patriotic American.
That might not even be an American.
This is just gigantic bullshit.
This is the Joe Rogan on the other side.
This is as bad as it is on the other side, but make no mistake about it.
If the script calls for us to get burnt, if it calls for Joe Rogan to be discredited and Trump to be discredited and the conservative Christians in America to be discredited, then that's what the script is going to do.
And if you don't want that to happen, you don't want to watch that movie, then get off social media now.
used in vaccines for a long time to increase their efficacy, and Secretary Kennedy and others have claimed that maybe that is unsafe.
So again, Denmark looked at this data for the past 24 years and determined that no, aluminum adjuvants are safe.
There is so much science, not just in the US, but across the world, showing that vaccines are safe, that they're effective, and they are a
Good idea.
Some of the best research that's ever been done on vaccines was done by a Denmark researcher by the name of Christine Stibel-Ben and she looked at the DTP vaccine and all-cause mortality in the kids who got it.
And the all-cause mortality in the kids who didn't get the DTP vaccine was five times better.
than the ones who did get the DTP vaccine.
And that study is pretty strong.
It's pretty tough.
It's pretty good.
It's pretty well done.
But you know, she points out the Democrat, the Denmark study about aluminum.
It's very, very hyperconformist, lickspittle stuff.
For most people.
And of course, if you have any doubts about this for yourself or your children, you should talk to your doctor.
But the concern now is- And the doctor will take your 13 year old into the room and tell the 13 year old that your parents are probably stupid because they don't read.
And we know all about it.
Should we tell you about all the vaccines you need?
And by the way, you know, are you sure you're a boy and a boy?
Are you sure?
You should probably go talk to your doctor because they know exactly what they were told to know.
America's in big trouble, ladies and gentlemen, and we need to start to build a network of doctors who do know, and it ain't the network of doctors that's in the health freedom movement.
Those people are actors.
There is going to be a disconnect between
what the American health system is saying, what people like the HHS secretary are saying, and what you might hear from the medical professional in your life, which is confusing for people.
Yeah, which might make some very difficult conversations that doctors have to have.
Hannah Merlin, senior reporter for Mother Jones.
Thanks so much for joining us.
It's spectacular.
It's absolutely spectacular.
In the meantime, the red team in America thinks that, you know, thank God for Donald Trump.
They think that the DOD deployed a kill box and that the spike shot was a bioweapon designed by the NIH and that pandemics don't occur naturally because this is a lab leak.
America is in absolutely huge trouble, and it's because its own citizens don't understand how separated they are, how set up they are to fight and kill one another.
There are no ethics involved in that picture you just saw.
There's no ethics involved in the story that they told us that something started in 2020.
There's no ethics involved in leaving out this, you know, little niggle of a story here where there's this bump.
An anticipated rise in all-cause mortality, ladies and gentlemen, was misconstrued as a spreading novel pathogen.
They used non-specific PCR to do it.
They used performing actors to do it, like this guy who headed the Lancet Commission.
Were anybody that you know, someone you love, fooled by this jackass?
Because if it's possible to save anybody, those are the people we can save.
Because it is absurd to think that the most frequent speaker at the Vatican
and the head of the Lancet Commission, who said that the Lancet Commission people were lying to me.
All these virology people were lying.
It's obviously a lab leak.
This dude is a stooge.
This dude is a huge stooge.
Ladies and gentlemen, the premise is that we are being run by a national security theater.
There are no elections.
They don't leave anything to chance anymore because that's not how this works.
People who rise into clear view like Donald Trump and Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
are need-to-know basis scripted actors.
And that's why Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
seems to have let everybody down because the script lets you down, not the actor.
The actor is doing just fine.
And these need to know basis actors include Donald Trump.
Donald Trump might not even know and didn't know that that shooting was going to be faked.
And he didn't know how it was going to be faked until he went down on the ground and somebody put blood on his ear.
That's how ridiculous this is right now, ladies and gentlemen.
Jeff Bezos is fake.
You know, Elon Musk is fake.
Peter Thiel's a moron.
None of these people... None of these people can be found on screen saying anything profound, but lots of these people can be found on screen saying stupid-ass shit!
If you've got the lab, if you've got the scientists necessary, effectively you could come up with a zombie-type virus.
Whoa.
And it could be your next-door neighbor who starts it all.
You need a table and a sink, and that's a laboratory.
Once the biopocalypse strikes, we may not know what hit us.
What the hell is that?
Until it's too late.
You're gonna have a huge death toll before you ever catch up with it.
Do you see why they're telling the story in 2013?
Do you see why they're telling the story in 2013 with Joe Rogan on the Sci-Fi Channel?
Because this anticipated rise in all-cause mortality is coming.
And so they have Ralph Baric in academic circles pushing it.
They have Peter Daszak on 60 Minutes pushing it.
They have Nathan Wolf at TED Talks pushing it.
That's what's happening here, ladies and gentlemen.
This is an admission.
These are actors and we were set up.
Joe Rogan questions everything.
What a name.
Is the world going to be wiped out by biopocalypse?
28 Days Later, World War Z. We've all seen those movies where the world is coming to an end because of a terrifying superbug.
What if that wasn't just a movie?
What if those scenarios were a reality?
Smallpox, the avian flu, drug-resistant bacteria.
All these nasty superbugs are real.
These things are... What I see here, in case you're not clear about it, is that this is pre-podcast.
Right?
This is where they didn't understand yet exactly how they were going to get this around.
So this is a highly produced, lots of sound effects, wow, bang, boom, kind of thing.
You know, four panels, like, like 24, the TV show.
They're still experimenting with how to get people to accept an illusion of consensus about an idea.
Like, you know, pandemics are coming and we're all going to die.
And in this case, what they're trying here is highly produced, very elaborate production.
But later on, people like Peter Thiel and Elon Musk and Alex Karp are going to come to the realization that actually scripting a conversation with loaded questions and loaded arguments and loaded conclusions is even more effective than some bullshit like this.
And so I think this is almost like prehistory.
This is like going back when they were still trying to figure out how it is that we can make a national security theater for the most effective to catch the most people.
And that's podcasting.
They're alive, they outnumber us, and they are little mini-killing machines.
They are the four trillion little horsemen of the bio-pocalypse, and they could turn humanity into a wretched shell of its former self.
These are all real scenarios that actual scientists working on infectious diseases are worried about.
One of the most terrifying scenarios is that they might get help spreading across the planet by the most dangerous organism of them all.
Mankind.
Before I get into what sort of dangers we may be facing, I need to find out how long people have been toying with these microscopic creatures.
How much trouble we could already be in.
That was like clay in that dish.
That was awesome.
we're about to meet dr sergey popov he's a former soviet union bioweapons expert and he tells us that if this was a bioweapon the contents of this bottle would be enough to kill everyone in this stadium now think about how crazy that is that he's being so imprecise if this was a bioweapon what could be a bioweapon it could be a pure quantity of dna
It could be a pure quantity of RNA or a nearly pure quantity of RNA.
It could be a bacterial culture.
It could be a pure bacterial toxin.
It could be an enzyme in pure quantity.
You see how, how,
imprecise he is being is by design because they want you to feel a gray area between you know in this book some things who had a bacteria and they had a name and a shape and they could see it and then others said presumed to be a filterable virus
And so what Joe Rogan is doing here is trying to muddy the water as much as possible between real communicable diseases, real biological signals, and real potential dangers with the imaginary ones like RNA viruses.
20,000 people.
Wrap your head around that, son.
How are you, sir?
Good.
How are you?
Thank you for meeting me.
So a bottle full of deadly viruses could really wipe out an entire stadium full of people?
Yes, absolutely.
Now, how many different biological weapons were created in the Soviet Union?
I don't really know, but the Ministry of Defense definitely had huge stockpiles of biological weapons.
Like how big?
In the amount of tons.
Maybe tens of tons.
Tens of tons?
Yes.
So that's enough to wipe out, like, whole cities.
Absolutely.
The whole population of the whole population of earth.
Wow.
But they only need, but they only need to fix this problem right here.
They only need to fix this little problem right here.
This little increase in all cause mortality.
That's going to come in about 10 years.
We don't need to kill everybody.
Like, Holy shit.
That's weird.
I wonder if it's anthrax.
The United States helped inactivate a lot of biological weapons in the former republics of the Soviet Union.
Did they?
I wonder if that was DITRA.
Holy shit, what's he talking about?
United States probably, when they went over there, they were probably like, what are you guys doing over here with all this?
There were trenches, huge trenches filled with anthrax.
A little tiny amount of anthrax would kill a person, right?
Absolutely.
This is very scary stuff.
yes yes it is that's why nobody knew about it and the soviet union made all effort to cover it up that's crazy ah yes there are very few things less comforting than the words cover up and trenches of anthrax used in the same sentence cover up i know all about cover-ups boy this is like the scooby-doo mystery started
are those facilities under heavy security ha that guy worked for ditra that's funny you could walk into those facilities and find biological agents available to almost anything
That's right.
America, yeah.
There's been a bunch of movies that depict horrific nightmare scenarios where some sort of man-made agent gets released and wreaks havoc and destroys the population.
Do you think there's a possibility of that ever happening?
Absolutely!
What's the most frightening biological weapon that you know that was ever developed?
One of the most potent was the so-called hemorrhagic virus.
Hemorrhagic means that they will bleed extensively from your nose, from your eyes, from your stomach.
Oh, ten times more potent than the smallpox.
Ten times more potent than smallpox.
What does that even mean if they don't do the same thing?
What does that even mean?
Deadly?
What?
What is the potency there?
It's so stupid.
The language is so stupid.
What do people do to protect themselves if something like this happens, if there is some sort of an outbreak?
Wow.
Yes.
Well, um, you just scared the s*** out of me.
Congratulations.
Thank you.
Wow.
That was some seriously scary s***.
And what's even more scary is what is happening today.
I'm going to talk to Charles Faddis.
See how it's not as convincing as if you just have like Michael Osterholm on your podcast for like two hours and talk.
Like it's not nearly as convincing.
That's the trick.
He was the head of the CIA's WMD terrorism unit.
And he knows what kind of horrifying things are going on.
Alright, Charles.
What's happening?
How scary is bioterrorism?
How many people look like Robert Malone in this movie?
Is this the first one?
I mean, how much should we really worry about it?
The average person thinks there's like some finite amount of this stuff out there and it's all under control and that's not even close to true.
If more people were really aware of the dangers that are out there, there'd be a lot of folks that were lying awake at night.
What diseases specifically are you worried about, and are you worried about engineered diseases that we're not yet aware of?
We're worried about a whole host of diseases.
One of the big ones that people talk about, smallpox.
We don't hear a lot about it, but there are still stockpiles of it in the world.
Right now, the U.S.
government is so worried about smallpox that they're stockpiling 2 million doses of vaccine.
There's another disease called tularemia that the Soviets worked with an awful lot.
Their idea was, knock a country out of commission.
In other words, they were gonna infect us with it and tens of millions of people would be hospitalized.
That's terrifying.
So when I was running the weapons of mass destruction unit for CIA, right, our job is to track biological, chemical, nuclear, radiological.
I wonder if he ran into Charles Rixey, because he sounds like he's describing his job a lot like Charles Rixey's job.
Material worldwide.
Every expert I know, every person that's focused on the issue will tell you that the number one threat is biological warfare.
You know, we could have a terrorist group sending operatives here that have been deliberately infected with some kind of disease, some kind of pathogen, and it could happen tomorrow.
Like a biomartyr type situation.
Exactly.
You're talking about...
bio-martyr type situation wow that's awesome that are willing to use suicide tactics so there is nothing that stops them from then utilizing that fanaticism to deliberately infect somebody and use them as the mechanism for spreading a disease i think the scariest thing about a bio-martyr is that you would never see it coming
They said biomartyr again, wow, that's an amazing word!
He said it again!
Like, wow, that's awesome!
Yeah, absolutely.
Absolutely.
No question.
There's a whole new bio business.
And now we get these sort of do-it-yourself labs all over the country with sort of bio entrepreneurs.
And folks are playing with engineering new organisms, but in the process, potentially creating completely new diseases.
So there's a lot of concern.
Did you see that gain of function in that test tube?
That was pretty awesome.
Learn about the idea of somebody mucking around with this.
And now you have a pathogen released that is brand new, and nobody has any resistance to it anywhere on the planet.
Would it be even possible to stop something in its tracks?
If it's a disease that we haven't seen before or we didn't stockpile anything in advance, you're going to have a huge death toll before you ever catch up with it.
You're going to find out when the first case gets diagnosed, which probably means at least 48 hours after the attack started, now you realize there was an attack.
And by now, everybody that was infected has infected somebody else.
So we're already playing catch-up.
Now you're going to try to engineer something while this is already raging, you know, kind of like a wildfire?
That's not going to happen.
You're going to lose a lot of people before you catch up with this thing.
There's one thing that Charles Faddis mentioned that really kind of freaked me out.
He was talking about individuals that are running their own laboratories that may be doing experimentation on bacteria and viruses and might not even realize what kind of danger they're putting the rest of us in.
Who are these people and what the hell are they thinking?
And why are they driving a Hemi?
I need to find out what Tony Kimmery knows.
He's a journalist who's been investigating rogue experiment.
It's the second Robert Malone lookalike.
Oh my gosh.
Across the country.
Hi Tony.
How are you?
And he says that it could be taking place right next door to you.
This is something that you've been studying for a long time.
You're on the cutting edge of this.
What is your biggest concern?
The fact that you could come up with a zombie type virus.
Whoa.
Coming up, you are a- They are definitely auditioning, like, what is going on here?
Biohacker.
What are you doing here?
People come in, they pay a fee, you can play with genes, you can play with organisms.
Is there anything dangerous here?
I'm not gonna tell you, it's perfectly safe.
And later, you're gonna go to a shelter in Kansas, where people are preparing for some sort of bio-apocalypse.
Hello!
I don't feel safe.
at the moment of truth, be that a viral pandemic or nuclear.
I got a place to go.
Seven billion people on the planet do not.
I'm dying!
Is the world going to be wiped out by viruses and plunged into a bio-apocalypse?
I'm talking to Tony Kimmery, and he says that we should be very worried.
This is something that you've been studying for a long time.
You're on the cutting edge of this.
What is your biggest concern?
He's the editor of Homeland Security Today, which is just an awesome title.
This new threat now is the do-it-yourself biology labs.
What exactly are these do-it-yourself labs?
It's a global community of citizen scientists, amateur biologists, do-it-yourself bioengineers.
And for very little money, you can create your own lab.
What is the kind of damage that one of these labs can do?
They're dealing with potentially seriously pathogenic materials.
They're not regulated.
Who knows who's coming and going?
And these same resources that are available to the biopunk community are also available to terrorist organizations in rogue states.
It's a real threat.
Counterterrorism folks will tell you that they believe that the bio threat is the biggest one facing us right now.
What intelligence do we have as far as how much progress they've made in terms of engineering some sort of a new virus?
If you've got the lab, if you've got the scientists necessary, effectively you could come up with a zombie type virus.
You know, something like a rabies virus that's manipulated with something else.
So like a 28 days later type scenario.
If it's well resourced enough and they're the right people with the right knowledge, then you've got a real problem.
So these type of labs have the capability of producing a pandemic virus.
There's a lot of classified information out there, but the CIA, they've been following this.
They have determined that there are some that have been able... Notice the CIA has been following it.
Notice that the other expert was running bioweapons for the CIA, or working on, you know, all the chemical, biological, and radiological weapons for the CIA.
CIA!
...able to develop some dangerous pathogens from scratch.
with a hybrid or designer or the next influenza pandemic virus and then spreading it around.
That's got the greatest potential for killing a lot of people outside of a small tactical nuclear weapon.
So someone is going to come along, create some sort of a virus that we really haven't had any exposure to yet.
In fact, do you hear it?
They're actually doom, doom.
Every time they change the framing of these things, they're actually playing the music of 24.
It's like they're not there yet.
Look at it.
They have determined that there are some that have been able to develop some dangerous pathogens from scratch.
Can you hear it?
With a hybrid or designer or the next influenza pandemic virus and then spreading it around, that's got the greatest potential for killing a lot of people outside of a small tactical nuclear weapon.
So someone is going to come along
create some sort of a virus that we really haven't had any exposure to yet, infect someone, they enter into a large population area, and then it spreads.
Whoa.
OK.
You ready?
I met with a guy named Anthony Kimmery, and he is essentially an expert on infectious diseases.
And one of the things that he's concerned with is biopunks.
They're people who experiment with biological agents.
They set up laboratories, and they start experimenting with different things.
So that's Joe Rogan on like his 50th podcast here.
So you can see it's kind of a transition period right now.
And I think they just realized at some point that they get a lot better results and a lot better response from the viewers from a podcast than they do from that extremely highly produced video set.
And it's cheaper.
So this is perfect discovery.
Gosh.
Right now in some basement, there's some guy with a mohawk fiddling around with the bubonic plague.
By the way, a lot of the punks I know, they don't need to order some bacteria or virus.
They just need to take their pants off in a bathroom, and that spreads disease.
Well, listen, man, I'm going to talk to Rob Carlson.
He's a PhD from Princeton and a bio-entrepreneur.
And he apparently is going to reassure me that this is not something to be concerned with and that what they're doing is they're trying to create beneficial things.
They're not trying to ruin the world.
Right.
And what you're going to do is you're going to go to a shelter in Kansas where people are preparing for some sort of bio-apocalypse.
And they have set up this...
Refuge.
Is this an above ground?
So it's funny, right?
Because what you see here is the exploration of the podcast.
They have interspersed this conversation in and then they're just going to find out through production and repetition that this is the part of the program that convinces the most people.
And so they'll just get rid of the other shit, all the music and graphics and nonsense and just leave it right here.
It's 2013.
And I'm showing you what was coming on this repeating graph above my head.
And because they knew it was coming since the early 1990s, they also knew that they had 10 years to put people in place to tell the story.
And Joe Rogan was recruited.
He doesn't need to know why, he doesn't need to know the plan, and in fact need to know scripted actors that are a part of the governance structure of America and the world probably don't care once they're told that that's what their role is, that's what their job is, that they work for.
the governance structure of the world.
And that sounds like a pretty exciting job to me.
Where's my script?
Oh, no, no, no.
You're going to go deep into the center of the earth.
Really?
Yeah.
You're going to talk to a PhD from Princeton and you're sending me to an underground cave?
Listen, dude, you're going to go to Kansas.
You're going to have a good time.
And that is the last thing he ever heard.
I don't know what Duncan is so worried about.
I'm sending him to a safe haven, a shelter.
I'm the one who has to go to a shady laboratory filled with viruses and bacteria.
But the only way to find out what's really going on is if I gold book myself.
We're about to go into a real live biopunk lab.
And inside this lab is Rob Carlson.
He has a PhD from Princeton.
He's one of the founders of the biopunk movement.
Hi, how are you?
Good.
Thank you for meeting us.
Really appreciate it.
Sure thing.
You are a biohacker.
Sometimes, yeah.
Most people, like if you tell them I'm involved in the biohacking movement, do they just stare blankly at you?
Why didn't you fix the fricking hair problem you got first with your biohacking?
Some do, some raise their eyebrows.
In Washington, D.C., some get concerned.
What is the concern?
If you have biology in a garage, then some people think it's going to go to miss you.
So this guy has a Ph.D.
in physics, but he's actually kind of masquerading as a biologist.
And his big claim to fame is that I think more recently he's moved on to trying to store data in DNA, which is really gay.
And why is it gay?
Well, it's because of the fact that it rests on the assumption that that's what DNA is.
I'm not saying that DNA doesn't code for RNA that codes for proteins.
I think we've kind of figured out that something like that occurs.
But the fact of the matter is that we are still working under the assumption that everything that we are
as a pattern integrity with a trajectory across time is encoded in the DNA, we just haven't figured it out yet.
And that's why it would make theoretical sense to try and store data in DNA, because we assume that's what it's used for anyway.
So maybe if some shithead from, you know, Princeton fools around with storing our kind of data in DNA, maybe we'll stumble upon the mechanism where the biological data is stored in DNA.
This is the kind of dumbassery that we are under the spell of for the last couple decades.
And this guy is part of it.
Joe Rogan is part of it.
Because again, there are no morals.
The only goal is to make sure that the vast majority of the citizenry are completely bamboozled and believe in the idea that we are about to figure out the code of life, which we are not.
Rock solid security.
Oh, no, it doesn't.
There's wide open doors.
What are you doing here?
What am I doing here?
I mean, what is anybody doing here?
What's the purpose of this?
People come in.
They pay a fee.
They do their project.
You can play with genes.
You can play with organisms.
And they might be working on anything.
Just anybody, all they have to do is pay a fee?
Do you like do any sort of background check on these folks?
Well, I don't know what sort of background check you think that might be appropriate there.
I don't know.
But I mean, do you do a background check when you get a driver's license?
No, you do not.
So what he's saying is because you don't need a background check to get a driver's license, you shouldn't need one to run a biolab.
The last time I checked, you can't start a pandemic apocalyptic zombie virus.
Don't forget that Robert Malone went in front of a meeting of the UK Parliament and told people that we were in danger of a pandemic from garage-level scientists.
He actually said in a room in the UK Parliament that a person with a biology degree and some equipment from eBay could cause the next pandemic.
And here's Joe Rogan
actually about 10 years earlier saying the same stupid shit like the shithead Robert Malone said during the pandemic multiple times on hundreds of podcasts in front of multiple government groups or government organizations or para-government organizations or parliamentary organizations or health freedom groups holy shit ladies and gentlemen if you can't see it now there may be no hope for you
by commuting.
In this case, right, there's some safety training.
And people who are responsible for the place are keeping track of what goes on here.
And they are talking to people.
And they're looking over people's shoulders.
But the security part doesn't bother me so much in this case.
Wow.
And I'm not the only one doing it.
There are a lot of people out there who are trying the same sort of thing.
So what's interesting to me about that is that I can make it, as every other kind of company in our economy, in my garage doing biology.
Is there anything dangerous here that we need to be concerned about?
In this lab, probably not.
Probably is a strange word to use there.
Well, there's always a potential for something to happen.
You know, cooking in your kitchen, you've got sharp knives around.
There's always a potential.
So I'm not going to tell you that it's perfectly safe.
OK, so we don't have to worry about the organisms.
It's just being around a laboratory that could be potentially slightly dangerous.
You don't want to lick things, you know?
No licking.
You don't want to eat the stuff that's sitting on the bench.
Now, there are folks that have some concerns about the whole idea of biohacking, manipulating enzymes.
Sorry.
Bacterias.
Are these concerns unfounded?
Coming up.
You could potentially do something dangerous here, but you could do that anywhere.
There are lots of labs like this.
So the notion that we could actually prevent people from doing harm is not.
I am a biologist.
I have a Ph.D.
in biology.
It's actually in neurobiology.
I worked with Edward and Mabrit Moser in Norway and Edward Moser and Mabrit Moser won the Nobel Prize in medicine in 2014.
About
six months after I left the lab.
And my claim to fame is that my last name was on a couple slides of Edward Moser's presentation after he won the Nobel Prize.
And that's about as famous as I'll ever be.
Oh, no, wait, that's right.
I'm also a biologist whose name is in this fraudulent book as an expert.
And they nearly made a fool of me.
With this book, but fortunately I pulled my head out in time To now be regularly declaring Robert F. Kennedy jr.
And the people behind him as scripted frauds part of a national security operation That has been in decades in the making and decades in the making including setting up people like Joe Rogan to be the sort of you know cheerleaders of the bullshit
and later it will be ugly out there the world's going to be devastated it's going to be terrible this is a Noah's ark and you'd be willing to shoot people to keep them out and you'd be willing to shoot people to keep them out there are thousands of people out there working in homemade labs who are toying thousands of people
thousands of them are working on homemade labs like that's that's a pretty bold statement with potentially dangerous biological materials i'm talking to biopunk pioneer rob carlson to find out how worried we should be about what they're doing in these labs
There are folks that have some concerns about the whole idea of biohacking, about manipulating these biologies.
Hold on one second.
Sorry, I wanted to fix one thing here and then we'll get back to it.
Tonight.
endgame wow ever want to live recreational vehicle directly in i'm not gonna i'm not gonna watch this part this is silly he headed for a biopocalypse i just hope that duncan's found a nice safe spot for us to ride out the viral winter if a biopocalypse does occur oh a viral winter neat while seven other billion people on the planet do not
Who has the final say?
The shelter director.
You?
Maybe, maybe I'm not.
At this point, I am.
And you'd be willing to shoot people?
What an interesting thing to point out.
Arthur says that this video is one year before the color revolution in Ukraine.
You know, the country where all the bio labs were, including where the bio labs of metal biota of Nathan Wolf were.
Nice, nice tip in the chat there.
To keep them out.
This place is operated tight because it has to be.
If it isn't, you're going to have chaos.
This is amazing.
Can you take me on a tour of Vivos?
You ready?
Yeah.
Let's go.
Let's see it.
Where's the wine bar?
Let's go exploring.
Let's do it.
So we're cruising along.
inside an underground cave mountain.
It's the same square footage as the Empire State Building.
Wow.
How many people will eventually live in this place?
Well, we're planning 5,000.
Could be a little more, but frankly, we could even build it.
He looks like you're going to need a few more shitters in there, though.
Holy cow.
You know, the thought is this.
These people.
I would love to ride around in that, in my wheel, though.
That would be sweet.
That looks like a nice little place to play.
The next genesis to restart this planet.
Effectively, this facility is a Noah's Ark.
Wow.
Check, check.
Check, check, check.
All right, ready?
So what did you think about the underground shelter?
See how his podcast was actually kind of started with the sci-fi channel?
It was like a transition.
Do you see it?
it was definitely the creepiest place i've ever been in my life we ended up driving into a hole in the side of a mountain in this massive i'm gonna fast forward a little bit every few years first of all thank you very much thing i'm gonna talk to dr brad spellberg from the harbor ucla medical center he's an infectious disease specialist and he's gonna tell us where the real danger is
First of all, thank you very much for doing this.
You bet.
Now, knowing what you know and being an expert at this, what scares you the most?
The most terrifying thing that I am seeing is bacteria that we can't treat with antibiotics anymore, that have set medicine back 80 years, and patients are dying of those infections already.
These totally resistant bacteria that are in hospitals and nursing homes are now spreading in communities and killing people, and we can't stop them.
Now we're talking about antibiotic-resistant bacteria, which is a very different phenomenon than gain-of-function viruses, which have never been mentioned in this show yet.
Just make sure you realize that that term has not been used yet.
Did you see World War Z?
I have not seen it yet.
The concept behind the movie is that there's a disease, and this disease turns people into zombies.
Some rabies-like form of a disease that turns people into mad dogs.
Is that possible?
One of the scariest things about being an infectious diseases is in every few years, something pops out and you go, Oh my God, how did we not know about that?
So, you know, HIV popped out in 19 in the early 1980s.
Where was that before?
Right?
SARS monkey pox.
Now we have this middle East corrupt SARS monkey pox and wow.
I didn't even know monkey pox was a thing, but apparently it was.
Coronavirus now that's killing 50% of people it infects and it just popped up in the last year or two That's one entirely feasible doomsday scenario that a lot of people are really worried about happening right now See we think we rule the planet.
No microbes.
They rule the planet
They formed the atmosphere of the planet.
They've been around for three and a half billion years.
They formed the atmosphere?
Yeah.
They live at the bottom of the ocean.
They've been found alive a mile down the Earth's surface in solid rock.
No matter what we throw at them, we will never win the war against microbes.
It's not winnable.
We're not in a war against microbes.
We are the result of a microbial world.
We are based on a microbial world.
We carry around a compost heap of bacteria in our guts.
We're not in a war with them.
We are in a symbiosis with them.
And it is that symbiosis that's at the heart of the definition of who we are as beings.
And in fact, what all higher life on earth is, is a symbiotic relationship between a whole host of bacteria and their phages and a multicellular assembly that facilitates that symbiosis.
This is a very complex,
pattern integrity that these people are trying to portray as something that is in direct opposition to it instead of a complex harmony.
It's disgusting.
to keep a pace.
We're on a treadmill.
There's no end game.
Wow.
That's a fascinating way to look at it.
So we have to keep our endurance, and we have to constantly throw attention and money at this in order to just keep the population alive.
Absolutely.
And in fact, microbes are the most adaptable things on the planet.
The future of humanity and microbes will likely evolve as episodes of our wits versus their genes.
They're still using their genes to adapt.
And the scary thing is we've kind of stopped using our wits to keep up.
And that's why we're having this antibiotic superbug problem right now.
Now, each time you go back to the well... Of course, antibiotics are something that in our history, we can explore and see what they did.
And one of the things that antibiotics did was completely get rid of the idea of phages.
But actually,
In the early 20th century phages were a real thing they worked really well and there were a couple scientists that did really well with phages and cured a lot of things including really resistant bacteria.
Phages were so popular actually that there were even
you know, like little pamphlets that you could see from France where they had bacteriophages and they sold them.
And they were produced by the Laboratory of Bacteriophages of Professor de Hul.
And he's like a really famous scientist who did a lot of work on bacteriophages and curing diseases with bacteriophages, observed
the phage cycles in the Ganges River, etc.
This guy is a really, really interesting biologist.
And in fact, what I'm showing you here are just some advertisements that happened to survive from his work in phages from France.
These are from the early 20th century.
So talking about bacteria and talking about antibiotics is completely ignoring
a 50-year history of combating infections, even very persistent infections, with a library of phages.
And a lot of these phages were actually stored in a library in a former Russian Republic, Tajikistan or something like that.
I have to look it up again because I read the book a while ago, but it's remarkable
how much of this biology is simply omitted from biology 101.
And if you don't omit it, and you realize that there was a long time when we were using intramuscular injection, primarily for morphine, and that people were making concoctions of bacteriophages, storing bacteriophages, creating libraries of them, looking for them that would work and finding them.
And those techniques are all but lost now.
because of antibiotics and the presumption that antibiotics had made phage biology kind of irrelevant.
And it turns out, I think actually to be the opposite.
I think antibiotics have made phage biology almost inevitable at this stage.
And so that's what he's kind of talking about without talking about it.
So far eBay has done pretty well, right?
eBay gave me a couple of pretty good little pieces of, pieces of property to talk about there.
I like that.
You've got to come up with the next generation thing.
It's getting harder and harder to do that.
The low-hanging fruit is plucked.
What an incredibly complex problem, because on one hand, you have these organisms that are essential for life, can live in these insane environments that other life forms can't exist in, and yet, they also kill us.
You know, people say to me, how far away are we from the iceberg?
The ship has hit the iceberg.
If these bugs spread, which they may well, that's when the lifeboats go under and we all drown.
Coming up... I found what I thought were cactus spines in my arms.
I don't know what they were.
We were seeing these odd fibers in our skin.
Traveled across my eyeball.
Oh, yeah, I do see a scar.
And later... This was extracted from a woman's body.
There's some fibers.
Okay, what the hell is that?
in any of the countless labs sprinkled across the world.
But even without human intervention, these tiny mutating microbes keep finding ways to adapt and thrive.
They continue to resist medication and figure out ways to spread.
How in trouble are we?
It's very spooky talking to these guys about diseases and their potential.
See, they're still testing it out.
And I really believe it.
Right now you're watching a snippet of the transition where people are realizing that, you know what?
The most convincing part of this goofy show is when these two people sit down and talk with each other.
Maybe we should just do an hour of that.
Or two hours or three hours.
Maybe we should do a daily.
Holy cow, this works perfectly.
And then actually about 10 years later, Mike Osterholm is on his podcast in 2020 telling everybody that it's just a natural virus.
sort of a gigantic worldwide pandemic.
I never thought it was a real possibility.
I never really considered it.
And this find is actually Mark Kulak's find.
Make sure you know that Housatonic ITS while he was on vacation.
After a brief discussion with me about Kathy Griffin and the head of Donald Trump and Snoop Dogg and his music video with the gun with the flag that said bang,
Mark Kulak went bananas and found out that all of these people that were involved in Trump derangement syndrome were actually connected to Steve Bannon directly.
And so it looks like the same apparatus that drove everybody to the Maha movement was also represented on the other side driving people to Trump derangement syndrome.
And right in the middle is this performer called Joe Rogan.
who is connected to Kimmel and connected to all of these people that we thought were on different sides of something, when they're really not.
They're all actors on the same stage.
It is terrifying to think that there are new diseases and mutations sprouting up on a daily basis.
Have you heard of Morgellons?
Yeah, I've heard of it.
For folks who haven't, I've posted a bunch of research about it at sci-fi.com.
It is some sort of a new phenomenon that many people dismiss, including legitimate doctors.
I've talked to a legitimate doctor in the field of bioweapons, and I said, what do you know about Morgellons?
He's like, oh, Morgellons.
Ah, you know, a lot of those people are crazy.
I've talked to some of these folks that have this disease, and it's not all crazy people.
We got a hold of this video of this woman, and she needs help, and she doesn't want her identity revealed.
Just check this out.
Hi, Joe.
I've had the disease they call Morgellons for about 15 years now.
Strange fibers that aren't able to be identified come out of my body, and I sure would like to have some help finding out what they are.
I've got a little handheld microscope, and I can show you a picture of what's on my skin.
This is a typical viper that we have.
Oh, there's a black one.
Oh, and there's one of those long ones.
The stuff that's actually on my hand is like a callus.
And so what I think you see here is a kind of confusing of stuff.
It's not that dissimilar to what somebody like Judy Mikovits would do with regard to chronic fatigue syndrome.
autism and chronic disease and start to just try to draw this or create this very gray area, a mystery, a full of mysteries, you know, inside of mysteries where we don't really know about any of these things.
This, this, it's remarkable because somewhere inside of here is the potential for everybody in the world to be in danger.
And so all this other stuff is just smoke and mirrors because in the end, we keep repeating the idea that the whole world is in danger.
We've already hit the iceberg, as that guy said.
It's for me, but for a whole community of people that are being knocked out of society.
Morgellons is another example of strange things that can happen to the human body.
Is Morgellons one of those mutations that Dr. Spellberg warned me about?
Whatever it is, this creepy condition, disease, is affecting more and more people every day.
One of them is Dr. Greg Smith, who not only studies Morgellons, but actually has it.
Dr. Smith may seem a little unusual, but what he has to say is really odd.
Public knowledge about this disease needs to just continue to be expanded.
How did you realize you had it?
I found what I thought were cactus vines in my arms, but they don't really look like cactus vines.
As a physician, I studied all the anatomy and the physiology of the skin, and this wasn't normal at all.
Like, what kind of odd stuff was happening?
We were seeing these odd fibers in our skin, as well as other unusual things.
I don't know what those things are.
I don't know what they were.
But I happened to get one of these little specks in my eye.
OK, so I took my glasses off, went in, and looked at my eye.
And this was totally the most bizarre thing I've ever seen in my life.
That piece of fluff traveled across my eyeball.
It hurt like a son of a gun as it went across the cornea, and then started digging in right on the edge.
And if you can see that scar there?
Oh, yeah.
I do see a scar.
Do you see it now?
Yeah.
Oh, in your eyeball itself.
Top of the eyeball, right.
Yeah.
So you had this Morgellons lesion in your eyeball itself.
What it was was a little fluff ball.
It's really little tiny balls of fibers intertwined together.
Uh-huh.
Something's got to be stimulating the body to cause this.
Right.
There is a significant amount of not just neurological, but psychiatric symptoms from this disorder.
And that's hard for people who are not medical and who are sick and whose brain is not working well because they've got the Morgans.
And it probably supports the idea that it's a psychosomatic illness, or at least clouds the waters.
Of course it does.
It clouds the waters big time.
What are your theories about the origins of this disease?
Do you have a theory yourself?
The research that has been done most recently, the last couple of years, about Morgellons, shows that these systemic symptoms are related to Lyme disease.
I think this Morgellons is probably something else along with it that causes the funky fibers.
So Lyme disease, a disease that compromises the immune system might leave you susceptible to this.
So far, the vast majority of patients who have Morgellons when tested appropriately will also be found to have.
What's so bizarre about this story is that if you can find the fibers and you can take pictures of them, then why aren't we talking about what the fibers are made of?
Are the fibers all the same across patients?
Do you see how imprecise and almost dumb this is?
You've helped us quite a bit.
If I thought I had fibers crawling across my eyeballs I think I'd be suffering too.
So we need to find out what exactly is this Morgellons disease and is it a part of this bio-pocalypse that we keep hearing about.
We had a podcast listener that sent us some samples of things that she had pulled from her body and we're gonna bring them to seal samples and we have
Yeah, sometimes.
I would.
It's all, like, diatomaceous earth.
Diatomaceous earth?
What is diatomaceous earth?
Like, ocean life that has been...
Dead for eons.
They use it for swimming pool filters, organic pesticide for plants.
Yeah, it looks like little sponges or filters.
So is it possible that that's human skin?
No.
It is organic.
It's just not human.
So it's not from a human body, definitely?
Right.
There's nothing to indicate that this came out of a human.
So what exactly is Morgellons?
I'm convinced that Morgellons is a real disease, but I'm also pretty convinced that it's probably not going to be the start of the biopocalypse.
Well, thank you very much.
This has been very illuminating.
I really appreciate it.
And it's very fascinating machinery you got here.
Here's what I learned in my journey.
Here is what he learned.
Our bodies are not just an individual organism.
We are an ecosystem of literally trillions of organisms.
That's what makes a biopocalypse possible.
When you talk to people that are in the know, they'll tell you the biggest threat to mankind isn't nuclear war or terrorism, but it's biology itself.
The smartest minds in the world literally have no idea what's coming down.
As soon as they come up with a cure, the bugs mutate and find their way around it.
The bottom line is that this is a war that will never be won.
We just have to hope that we win more battles than the bugs do.
Where is Rogan?
Why do I get sent to these kinds of things?
Hello?
Thank you very much for being here, ladies and gentlemen.
Make sure you understand that endemicity is a myth, that placebos made it safe, that using PCR to find their ghost doesn't make their ghost real, nor does it make you a Ghostbuster, but it definitely, there's a good reason why we have a fake anti-vax movement in America.
It's because this is for all the grandchildren of Earth.
Thank you very much for being here.
I will see you again tomorrow.
Don't forget, the red team is going to lose
The blue team has always been losing and there's only one way out and that's the truth.
Thanks for being here.
See you again soon.
Don't forget to download!
Download the PeerTube app!
It works great!
Once you download the PeerTube app, you enter the URL stream.gigaohm.bio and Housatonic Live and Gigaohm Biological will be on your phone!
Do it now!